hey ladies i'm back again share with you
some flowers I've been working on I made
a lace flower some pearls purple ribbon
and it's all back on shipboard and
here's another ribbon and another and I
like this one a lot I like the way this
one it's this one was a satin ribbon and
then these ones are all satin ribbons
and then I just curled them down I may
cut them up of course if I'm 10 mini
later on I did these like a week or two
ago before I got sick as well as these
flowers in here I made a ton i made some
bunch of pesto paper tim holtz paper
roses so far I've just got the pink the
blue the baby blue and the purple but as
you can see i need a load of them in
there and i still got more colors for
the pastel set somewhere you know I just
I've been having that wicked cough I
think it's an allergy thing um but yeah
but then also i've been working on these
oh and here's another one of the ribbon
flowers and this one was that funky one
I got in the hall video well go and of
course my kids are playing with your
toys right my scrap area but um this is
the fabrics that i bought the other day
except for this black one i bought it
all bought these ones at walmart and
he's got the garment pens and they're
glass beads on here they're black and
then a brown and it's backed on chip
board and i use the lace
and netting on some of them but this one
I didn't but there's two layers of the
size three circles two of the two and a
half circles two of the two circles and
two of the one and a half inch circles
so I have that and all the garment pins
as your friend I love this one seed I
don't know if you can see the netting on
there see right there and then here's
the gold one yeah you can see the
netting better so you pulled it up for
you and I got my top note shaped
chipboard and put some music sheets on
them and glue them on and then I just
distressed it so that's how they're
going to come there's one set then I
have this one the black one the silver
and this pretty off one round silver and
then they all have different garment
pins like i said but they're all on the
top note shape and you can reuse them
because they're pretty lightweight
they're from the michaels my Michaels
when I got the chipboard from from the
ladies there's the set to then i have
this third one right here all the
garment pins are different like i said
and they're all pretty they came out
really gorgeous I like the way he came
out and I distressed the edges with
vintage photo so I lightly distressed it
so there's another one that's it I don't
know it's going to be different but
that's I have it and then these are the
other ones that i did i did this black
one with the cream pearls and
the garment pent with the silver
teardrop in the platinum color and
here's one with tulle this one's got
white tulle in between it's got white on
the back and then it's got the lace and
then the garment pin sorry I was
off-camera and then um there's another
one Kurt no fighting please I told you
and then here's one with a little flour
underneath it it's a white one and then
this silver one so the two white ones I
have right here and then this one's more
fluffy here because it's got extra tool
in between I swear this one doesn't it
just has the white tulle behind it and
then the lace then the silver one with a
white feather and the glass beads so
those are my flowers ladies and I'm
going to have a tutorial on my tag swap
for june i started working on it for
Arlene so stay tuned for that thanks for
watching have a nice day bye